---
layout: post
title: new post
date:   2016-02-21
categories: journal, food, projects
---


Ideas for this post

plants project:  A few? weeks ago, we bought some herbs from OBI to see if the green thumbs 
were back.  Also, hopefully they will mitgate some of the humidity or at least provide some 
fresh mint (latin name), rosemary (latin name), thyme(latin name) and sage (latin name).

[plants]

Warning, mint is grows like crazy, but this one seems sick and wilted.  I think it may have 
been damaged by the cold at the hardware store.  The herbs were all outside.   Nope it is aphids
I'm going to clean it off for the next few days with soap and water.  Hopefully they dont move to the other herbs.


The 


There is also a plant in my office that seems to be doing well [office plant] and we were talking about getting
a new plant for our new office, which faces north :X   I saw venus fly traps at obi, maybe part of this project
will become making a terarium out of a big old bottle!  one problem is feeding I guess.  I would need to bring live
flies to work.  Maybe it would be worth it?  



Recipies:

I usually use sage for sausage

rosemary is good for

thyme is good for


the mint is my wifes :)  but I might make julips if it recovers enough to harvest


Also, here in austria, it seems hard to get pots with holes in them. [pots]  I was planning on repotting,
but I will need a watering can, since the water will have to be carefully monitored




making models

repair something

math?

coffee reviews?

food reviews?

pub quiz record?

life in austria?  old photos? 

old blog post migration?


Clark Derivative theorem and germs



---

I have been thinking about content creation, and how I still want to write every day. 
There is a certain trade off that I can't quite get around.  If I want to write consistantly
with a certain minimum standard of quality, I need to dedicate more time to doing
interesting things and also more time to writing. 

If I stick to certain themes, perhaps I can meet my goal of writing every day and creating
content for a post every week.  

Now that I think about it, the post format supports this as well, since I can date content for future
publication.  


Some categories to get started with:  journal, projects, reviews, math, code, photos, videos

---
---

Goal: Write every day with a content update on the weekends.


---
---






